Updated copy (#4)
danielehc/katacoda-scenarios: secure_consul_acl/intro.md

# Secure Consul Agent Communication with ACL

In this hands-on lab, you will deploy a secure Consul datacenter using Docker.

> The lab will guide through the steps necessary to deploy Consul with ACLs enabled for agent RPC communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lab will guide you through the steps necessary to deploy Consul with ACLs enabled to secure acces to the UI, API, CLI, services, and agents.
```
